
Goal in assembling the raw stimulus set: real words and constrained trigram of length 4, 5 and 6
400 items for each length  
For real words of each length
200 with 5 < frequency < 10
200 with frequency > 75

Exlcusions for pseudowords: too much like real words or slang or proper nouns, or pseudohomophones, or no vowels
Some pseudowords were added to the exclude list if during pilot testing they caused false alarms when presented at fovea and seemed too close to a real word / pseudohomophone (eg pade, wive)
Exclusions for real words: proper nouns, British spellings, very unusual, or too sexual

In this spreadsheet we have pseudowords with constrained *trigrams* and with constrained *bigrams*. The latter a bit less word-like 
There are separate sheets for each type (eg, "pseudo trigram 5" are 5-letter pseudowords with constrained trigrams)

In each sheet, the column 'bad' flags items to be excluded. For pseudowords, there's a separate column for pseudohomophones

Generated by MCWord
http://www.neuro.mcw.edu/mcword/

Definitions: 
Number of Letters:

LEN: This is simply the number of letters within the string.

Frequency of Orthographic Form:

FREQ: Frequency is a measure of how often a wordform is encountered in 1,000,000 presentations of text. It is based on the raw frequency of the string in the modified CELEX database (see the main page), and converted to frequency per million. If a string has a frequency of 0, then it is not in the CELEX database.

Orthographic Neighborhood Statistics (Coltheart's N):

Orth: This is the number of orthographic neighbors that a string has. An orthographic neighbor is defined as a word of the same length that differs from the original string by only one letter. For example, given the word 'cat', the words 'bat', 'fat', 'mat', 'cab', etc. are considered orthographic neighbors.
Orth_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the orthographic neighbors.

Constrained Unigram Statistics:

N1_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the constrained unigrams for the wordform. A constrained unigram is defined as a specific letter in a specific position, in a specific length of word. That is, the 'c' in 'cat' is considered the same 'c' as in 'cot', but not in 'act', or 'catch'.
N1_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same constrained unigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

Constrained Bigram Statistics:

N2_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the constrained bigrams for the wordform. A constrained bigram is defined as a specific two letter combination (bigram) in a specific position, in a specific length of word. That is, the 'ca' in 'cat' is considered the same 'ca' as in 'can', but not in 'act' ('ac' is different than 'ca'), or 'catch'. Note that single letters do not have bigram statistics, and therefore are listed as NA for this measure.
N2_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same constrained bigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

Constrained Trigram Statistics:

N3_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the constrained trigrams for the wordform. A constrained trigram is defined as a specific three letter combination (trigram) in a specific position, in a specific length of word. That is, the 'sta' in 'stage' is considered the same 'sta' as in 'staff', but is different from the trigram in 'stay' . Note that single letters and two letter stings do not have trigram statistics, and therefore are listed as NA for this measure.
N3_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same constrained trigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

Unconstrained Unigram Statistics:

UN1_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the unconstrained unigrams for the wordform. An unconstrained unigram is defined as a specific letter within a word, regardless of its position, or the wordlength.
UN1_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same unigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

Unconstrained Bigram Statistics:

UN2_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the constrained bigrams for the wordform. An unconstrained bigram is defined as a specific two letter combination (bigram) within a word, regardless of its position, or the wordlength. For example, the 'ba' in 'bat' is considered the same as the 'ba' in 'tabasco'. Note that single letters do not have bigram statistics, and therefore are listed as NA for this measure.
UN2_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same bigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

Unconstrained Trigram Statistics:

UN3_F: This is the averaged frequency (per million) of the constrained trigrams for the wordform. An unconstrained trigram is defined as a specific three letter combination (trigram) within a word, regardless of its position, or the wordlength. For example, the trigram 'sta' in 'stand' is considered the same as the trigram 'sta' in 'standard' and in 'estate'. Note that single letters and two letter stings do not have trigram statistics, and therefore are listed as NA for this measure.
UN3_C: This is a count of the number of wordforms that share the same trigrams (analogous to a Coltheart N measure).

ELP Definitions:

Freq_HAL is defined as the frequency of a word as reported by the HAL Study
SUBTLWF is the SUBTLEX frequency per million words 
Log_Freq_HAL is defined as the Log of Frequency of a word as reported by the HAL Study
I_Mean_Accuracy is defined as the average I_Mean_Accuracy for all particpants for this word
I_SD is defined as the standard deviation of the mean reaction time (MeanRT) for a particular word across all participants in the ELP study:
I_Mean_RT is defined as the mean reaction time for a particular word in milliseconds across all participants in the ELP study:
BG_Mean is defined as the average bigram count for a particular word:
BG_SUM is defined as the sum of the bigram count for a particular word:
Ortho_N is defined as the number of orthographic neighbors that a word has.
Phono_N is defined as the number of phonological neighbors that a word has. Note: this statistic excludes homophones
Freq_N is defined as the average of the Frequency (Freq_HAL) of the orthographic neighborhood of a particular word.
Concreteness_Rating is defined as the mean of the Concreteness Ratings, see Bysbaert et al. (2013, BRM)
Emotional_Valence is defined as the Emotional Valence (see Warriner et al., 2013, BRM)
Emotional_Arousal is defined as the Emotional Arousal (see Warriner et al., 2013, BRM
Number of syllables in the main pronunciation.
POS is the part of speech of the word.
NN noun ("beauty")
RB adverb ("beautifully")
VB verb ("beautify")
encl enclitic group ("beauty's")
minor all other ("the", "in", "what", "uh")
? unknown
| separates alternatives: "can" VB|NN

NPhon is defined as the number of phonemes in the main pronunciation. The diphthongs /aI/, /aU/, /OI/, and the affricates /tS/ and /dZ/, each count as single phonemes.
NWI_Mean_RT is defined as the mean reaction time for a particular non-word in milliseconds across all participants in the ELP study:
NWI_Mean_Accuracy is defined as the average accuracy for all particpants for this non-word:
NWI_SD is defined as the standard deviation of the mean reaction time (MeanRT) for a particular non-word across all participants in the ELP study:
Obs is defined as the number of observations that were made of the mean reaction time (MeanRT) for a particular word in the ELP study:

Number of strings of each type:
low freq (5-10 per mill) real words of length 5: 396
high freq (75-4000 per mill) real words of length 5: 239
pseudo of length 5: 432
consonants of length 5: 396
